README.md, before:

# pyohio2018-presentation

This repository contains the HTML source code and additional resources for a
presentation that I, [Gregory M.
Kapfhammer](https://www.gregorykapfhammer.com/), gave during a panel at the 2018
edition of the PyOhio conference. The presentation's source code uses the
[Spectacle](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/spectacle) framework to control
the display of each slide. I have developed a custom theme for the slides that
manages the formatting, color scheme, and the use of photographs and icons.

## Installation Instructions

You can type the following command if you want to clone this repository:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/gkapfham/pyohio2018-presentation.git
```

```shell
npm install
```

```shell
npm install babel-loader@next
```

```shell
npm i --save @fortawesome/fontawesome-svg-core@prerelease
npm i --save @fortawesome/free-solid-svg-icons@prerelease
npm i --save @fortawesome/react-fontawesome@prerelease
```

```shell
npm install --save socket.io
```

## Displaying the Presentation



## Problems or Praise

If you have any problems with installing or using the Tada or its provided test
suite, then please create an issue associated with this Git repository using the
"Issues" link at the top of this site. The contributors to Tada will do all that
they can to resolve your issue and ensure that all of its features and the test
suite work well in your development environment.

Commit message:

Adding many additional instructions about displaying the presentation.

README.md, after:

# pyohio2018-presentation

This repository contains the HTML source code and additional resources for a
presentation that I, [Gregory M.
Kapfhammer](https://www.gregorykapfhammer.com/), gave during a panel at the 2018
edition of the PyOhio conference. The presentation's source code uses the
[Spectacle](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/spectacle) framework to control
the display of each slide. I have developed a custom theme for the slides that
manages the formatting, color scheme, and the use of photographs and icons.

## Installation Instructions

You can type the following command if you want to clone this repository:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/gkapfham/pyohio2018-presentation.git
```

```shell
npm install
```

```shell
npm install babel-loader@next
```

```shell
npm i --save @fortawesome/fontawesome-svg-core@prerelease
npm i --save @fortawesome/free-solid-svg-icons@prerelease
npm i --save @fortawesome/free-regular-svg-icons@prerelease
npm i --save @fortawesome/free-brands-svg-icons@prerelease
npm i --save @fortawesome/react-fontawesome@prerelease
```

```shell
npm install --save socket.io
```

## Displaying the Presentation

To start the rendering and display of the presentation type the command `npm
start` in your terminal window. If you want to display the presentation to your
audience, you can go the [display site](http://localhost:3000/#/). If you want
to see the presentation slides in a presenter mode, you can go to the [presenter
mode site](http://localhost:3000/#/?presenter&timer)

## Problems or Praise

If you have any problems with installing or displaying this presentation, then
please raise an issue associated with this Git repository using the "Issues"
link at the top of this site. I will do everything that I can to resolve your
issue and ensure that the presentation works correctly.
